	I am going to write the flappy bird three-dimentionally.  Since the emerge of the Flappy Bird, there already emerge many versions prototyped by that game, such as flappy panda, flappy fish, flappy doge (Oh no...), etc. And there also exists the flappy bird 3D. In this article, I will explain why I choose to make a Flappy Bird 3D, and what new features I will have in my term project.
	Firstly, simply rewrite Flappy Bird in python could not be called as "challenge". Our CA managed to go over the code within an hour, and flappy doge (or some other similar APPs) is just a replacement of the original design with a new picture. That makes no difference.
	Then, I found two videos on the internet that demonstrate people playing flappy bird in 3D:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWiY3D04hKU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odYL7BCZLTU
These looks much like what I am about to have in my term project. After a comparison of their games to my current python skills, I decide to write a three dimentional-Flappy, but with the feature of changes in camera angle removed due to the limited time in this term project. However, if I have enough time to polish this game, I will definitely do my best to add it.
	I have been considering making a 3D Super Mario before I finally make-up my mind. Although it is another relatively simple game like Flappy Bird, Super Mario has too many turnings/ jumpings whose sights are by the windows' frame. Besides, it relies hard on hard coding. 
	Besides, in order to add-on to the complexity of my TP, I will develope a 2-player mode to make the game more challenging. I recall my experience in GCS during the last semester, where the winner team, bitbot, built a game where 1P can move swiftly but cannot launch any missles while 2P can use weapons to clear the field and protect 1P. I decide to add a shooter as 2P to increase the challenge (as well as fun!) So 2P will control a mouse to shoot the missle at some random objects to get energy pack to supply 1P's flight. If 1P runs out of energy the bird will drop directly on the ground. This collecting energy idea comes from "Smash Hit", where the player also need to hit a target to get ammo and as well as something similiar to the mana bar.
	I will also enable the 2D mode for people who prefer minimalism, and also as a introduction to the new players.
	Plus, I will do my best to polish the background looking. Those 3D effects in the game looks amazing but is lack of artistic value. 